Add draft for workshop details (#449)
precice/precice.github.io: pages/community/precice-workshop-2024.md

- 15:00-15:30: ☕️ Coffee break
- 15:30-17:30: Hands-on user support

## Program details

### User introductions

> The official welcome to the workshop on Wednesday 25 will be followed by a round of introductions, so that everyone knows who to talk to during the workshop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The official welcome to the workshop on Wednesday, September 25. It will be followed by a round of introductions, so that everyone knows who to talk to during the workshop.
```

> [Submit](https://ipvs.informatik.uni-stuttgart.de/cloud/s/JWJ4toJF2qCScYL) one PDF slide (16:9, with name `surname-firstname.pdf`) with your name and some key details/pictures about your research till September 23, as we need to prepare a single slideshow.

Reviewer: Link is to be updated.

Author: Done.

### World Café

> A classic for a preCICE Workshop, the preCICE [World Café](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_caf%C3%A9_(conversation)) is your opportunity to shape the future of preCICE. Expect topics such as Features, Usability, Community, Funding, Teaching, and This Workshop.

Reviewer: @uekerman do you want to already mention something about preECO here?

Reviewer 2: We could decide on the topics together on Thursday and update this list (different each year anyway). IIRC, this year we wanted at least two (three?) preECO-related topics:

- Guidelines for adapters
- Guidelines for application cases
- Tooling?

We are also not so many people this year, so we don't need as many tables as last year.

Reviewer: @MakisH can you please directly change the topics based on yesterdays discussion?

Reviewer 2: Done

### User support sessions

It's a workshop and not a classical conference, as we also get to do things together. Meet the experts to discuss your current or planned projects, as well as to debug any current issues.

> On March 31, 10:00-15:00, we will have a _post-workshop user-support session_ to catch up on any progress.

Reviewer: We need to fix a date for the post-workshop user-support session.

Author: Fixed to 15.11 from 14:00 till 17:00.

### preCICE training course

> If you are new to preCICE, this is the perfect way to get started. February 13 is for you, offering only training (parts I-III). Even if you joined this course in previous years, don't miss the new part IV on February 16.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are new to preCICE, this is the perfect way to get started. September 24 is for you, offering only training (parts I-III). Even if you joined this course in previous years, don't miss the new part IV on September 25.
```

Reviewer 2: The new part this year is part V, and it is actually community-contributed:

```suggestion
If you are new to preCICE, this is the perfect way to get started. September 24 is for you, offering only training (parts I-IV). Even if you joined this course in previous years, don't miss the new, community-contributed part V on September 25.
```
